recommend using Virtual COM instead of an external USB <-> Serial module (#148)
rust-embedded/discovery: src/04-meet-your-hardware/README.md

<img title="Serial module" src="../assets/serial.jpg">
</p>

If you have an older revision of the discovery board, you can use this module to
exchange data between the microcontroller in the F3 and your laptop. This module
will be connected to your laptop using an USB cable. I won't say more at this
point.

If you have a newer release of the board then you don't need this module. The

> ST-LINK will act as a serial module connected to pins PC4 and PC5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ST-LINK will double as a USB<->serial converter connected to the microcontroller USART1 at pins PC4 and PC5.
```
